[ADD] surveys: created new 'dashboard' doc (#8199)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/marketing/surveys/dashboard.rst

.. image:: dashboard/surveys-dashboard.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Odoo Surveys application dashboard in the default kanban view.

.. tip::
   The *Surveys* dashboard can be accessed at any time throughout the application by clicking
   :menuselection:`Surveys` from the header menu.

In the upper-left corner, there is a :guilabel:`New` button. When clicked, Odoo presents a blank
survey form that can be used to :doc:`create a survey <../surveys/create>`.

On the dashboard, all the surveys that have been created in the database are displayed in a default
Kanban view.

From left-to-right, after the survey name, the user who is responsible for it, and the month it was
created, each line on the *Surveys* dashboard shows the following:

- Number of :guilabel:`Questions` in that particular survey
- :guilabel:`Average Duration` of the survey (how long it typically takes a participant to complete)
- Number of :guilabel:`Registered` participants for the survey
- Number of times that particular survey has been :guilabel:`Completed`
- Percentage and data bar showcasing how many people have :guilabel:`Passed` or become
  :guilabel:`Certified`

> .. note::
>    A half-trophy background image behind the survey name indicates that the survey is a
>    *Certification*.

Reviewer: Suggesting to move this note below the bullet points since this is a minor visual cue that is added to Certification surveys, whereas the "Certified" percentage is a stronger visual cue that the record is a Certification survey
```suggestion
```

> .. note::
>    The :guilabel:`Passed` percentage and bar **only** appears when a *Required Score* has been
>    configured for that particular survey.
> 
>    The :guilabel:`Certfied` percentage and bar **only** appears if that particular survey has the
>    *Is a Certification* option enabled on the survey form.
> 
>    If neither :guilabel:`Passed` nor :guilabel:`Certified` appear on the line, that indicates the
>    survey is without a *Required Score* and was not enabled with the *Is a Certification* option.

Reviewer: Indent to align with it's relevant bullet point and typo fix
```suggestion
  .. note::
     The :guilabel:`Passed` percentage and bar **only** appears when a *Required Score* has been
     configured for that particular survey.

     The :guilabel:`Certified` percentage and bar **only** appears if that particular survey has the
     *Is a Certification* option enabled on the survey form.

     If neither :guilabel:`Passed` nor :guilabel:`Certified` appear on the line, that indicates the
     survey is without a *Required Score* and was not enabled with the *Is a Certification* option.
```

- Number of :guilabel:`Courses` related to that survey, which **only** appears if more than one
  course has been created and attached to a single survey

> 

Reviewer: Move admonition
```suggestion

.. note::
   A half-trophy background image behind the survey name indicates that the survey is a
   *Certification*.

```

To the far-right of those data points on the survey lines, located on the *Surveys* application
dashboard, are a collection of buttons.

Those buttons are as follows:

> - :guilabel:`Share`: click to reveal a :guilabel:`Share a Survey` pop-up form that can be used to
>   invite potential participants to the survey - complete with a :guilabel:`Survey Link` that can be
>   copied and sent to potential participants, and a :guilabel:`Send by Email` toggle switch.
> 
>    .. image:: dashboard/share-survey-popup.png
>       :align: center
>       :alt: The 'Share a Survey' pop-up window that appears in the Odoo Surveys application.

Reviewer: This image is not needed since the following displays what this image shows, as well as the advanced configuration.

Also update terminology, this "pop-up" is called a "modal" :)
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Share`: click to reveal a :guilabel:`Share a Survey` modal that can be used to invite
  potential participants to the survey - complete with a :guilabel:`Survey Link` that can be copied
  and sent to potential participants, and a :guilabel:`Send by Email` toggle switch.
```

Author: will delete the image, but am disregarding the "modal" suggestion, per our recent decision re: "modal" vs. "pop-up..."

>   When the :guilabel:`Send by Email` toggle is 'on' (green switch), additional fields appear, in
>   which :guilabel:`Recipients` and a :guilabel:`Subject` can be added to the email. Below that, a
>   dynamic email template, complete with a :guilabel:`Start Certification` button appears, which can
>   be modified, as well, if needed.

Reviewer: There are a few more fields that appear depending on the configuration of the email
```suggestion
  When the :guilabel:`Send by Email` toggle is active (green switch), additional fields appear, in
  which :guilabel:`Recipients`, :guilabel:`Additional Emails`, and a :guilabel:`Subject` can be
  added to the email.

  Below that, a dynamic email template, complete with a :guilabel:`Start Certification` button
  appears, which can be modified, as well, if needed.

  :guilabel:`Attachments` can be added to the email, as well as an :guilabel:`Answer deadline` can
  be set, if needed.
```

  Once modifications are complete, click :guilabel:`Send` to send that email invite to all the email
  addresses/contacts listed in the :guilabel:`Recipients` field.

.. image:: dashboard/share-survey-popup-email-toggle.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The 'Share a Survey' pop-up window in Odoo Surveys with the Send by Email toggled on.

> .. important::
>    Clicking the :guilabel:`Share` button results in an error if the survey line has zero questions.

Reviewer: It may be helpful to tip where users can edit the default **Mail Template**, as well as note the conditional display of fields depending on config :)
```suggestion
  .. tip::
     The default :guilabel:`Mail Template` for survey invites can be edited by navigating to
     :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical --> Email Templates` and searching for `Survey: Invite`.

  .. note::
     The :guilabel:`Send by Email` toggle switch is **not** present when the survey line has zero
     questions.

     The :guilabel:`Survey Link` only appears when the survey's *Access Mode* is set to *Anyone with
     the link*.

     The :guilabel:`Additional Emails` field only appears when the survey's *Require Login* field is
     **not** active.
```

- :guilabel:`Test`: click to take a test version of the survey in a new tab, from the point-of-view

>   of a survey participant, in order to check for any errors or inconsistences.

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
  of a survey participant, in order to check for any errors or inconsistencies.
```

- :guilabel:`See results`: click to reveal a new tab showcasing detailed metrics and graphical
  representations of all survey participants, questions, and responses for deeper analysis.

> - :guilabel:`Start Live Session`: click to initiate a *Live Session* survey, and reveal the *Session
>   Manager* window in a new tab. This button is **not** present for surveys that have enabled the
>   *Is a Certification* option on the survey form.

Reviewer: Remove unnecessary formatting and update to casing to "Live session" as it is on the Odoo UI on Survey backend
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Start Live Session`: click to initiate a *Live session* survey, and reveal a session
  manager window in a new tab. This button is **not** present for surveys that have enabled the
```

> - :guilabel:`End Live Session`: click to end a *Live Session* survey that has been officially
>   started. This button option **only** appears on survey lines that have previously initiated a
>   *Live Session*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`End Live Session`: click to end a *Live session* survey that has been officially
  started. This button option **only** appears on survey lines that have previously initiated a live
  session.
```

> Above the buttons that are located to the far-right of the survey lines, there is a mini
> *Configuration* menu that **only** appears when the cursor hovers over that particular line. This
> menu is represented by a :guilabel:`⋮ (three dots)` icon.
> 
> When the :guilabel:`⋮ (three dots)` icon is clicked, a drop-down menu with some
> configuration-related options appear.

Reviewer: Suggesting to restructure this sentence
```suggestion
Above the buttons that are located to the far-right of the survey lines, a :guilabel:`⋮ (three
dots)` icon appears when the cursor hovers over that particular line. When the :guilabel:`⋮ (three
dots)` icon is clicked, a drop-down menu with some configuration-related options appear:
```

> .. image:: dashboard/three-dot-dropdown.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: The three-dot drop-down menu of options that appears on the Odoo Surveys dashboard.
> 
> The options are:
> 

Reviewer: Suggesting to move this image below the bullet points and just jump right into the list
```suggestion
```

- :guilabel:`Edit Survey`: when clicked, Odoo reveals the survey form for that particular survey,
  which can then be modified in a number of different ways.
- :guilabel:`Share`: when clicked, Odoo reveals the :guilabel:`Share a Survey` pop-up form that can
  be used to invite potential participants to the survey.
- :guilabel:`Delete`: when clicked, Odoo presents a pop-up window, wherein the user **must** confirm
  they want to delete the survey entirely, which they can do by clicking the :guilabel:`Delete`
  button at the bottom of the pop-up window.
- :guilabel:`Color`: users can opt to choose a color to add to the survey line on the dashboard for
  added organizational purposes, if needed.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. image:: dashboard/three-dot-dropdown.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The three-dot drop-down menu of options that appears on the Odoo Surveys dashboard.

```

   :align: center
   :alt: The list view option located on the Odoo Surveys application dashboard.

The columns shown on the *Surveys* app dashboard, while in list view, are as follows:

- :guilabel:`Survey Title`
- :guilabel:`Responsible`
- :guilabel:`Average Duration`
- :guilabel:`Registered`
- :guilabel:`Success Ratio (%)`
- :guilabel:`Avg Score (%)`

.. tip::
   Additional columns can be added to the *Surveys* application dashboard, while in list view, by
   clicking the *additional options* drop-down menu, located to the far-right of the column titles,
   represented by a :guilabel:`(slider with two dots)` icon.

Activities view
---------------

To have the *Surveys* application dashboard display nothing but the activities associated to the
surveys in the database, click the :guilabel:`🕘 (clock)` icon to the far-right of the other view
options, located in the upper-right corner.

.. image:: dashboard/activities-view.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The activities view option located on the Odoo Surveys dashboard.

Doing so reveals a table with rows and columns. The rows show the different surveys in the database,
and the columns depict the various activity types.

> .. important::
>    The :guilabel:`New` button does **not** appear in this view.

Reviewer: I don't feel that this is _important_ information, rather it is just a note. It may be helpful to note the use-case of the view rather than just what _cannot_ be done while on this view
```suggestion
.. note::
   A new survey cannot be created in this view, as it is solely for the purpose of creating and
   viewing scheduled activities.
```

.. image:: dashboard/surveys-dashboard.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Odoo Surveys application dashboard in the default kanban view.

.. tip::
   The *Surveys* dashboard can be accessed at any time throughout the application by clicking
   :menuselection:`Surveys` from the header menu.

In the upper-left corner, there is a :guilabel:`New` button. When clicked, Odoo presents a blank
survey form that can be used to :doc:`create a survey <../surveys/create>`.

On the dashboard, all the surveys that have been created in the database are displayed in a default
Kanban view.

From left-to-right, after the survey name, the user who is responsible for it, and the month it was
created, each line on the *Surveys* dashboard shows the following:

- Number of :guilabel:`Questions` in that particular survey
- :guilabel:`Average Duration` of the survey (how long it typically takes a participant to complete)
- Number of :guilabel:`Registered` participants for the survey
- Number of times that particular survey has been :guilabel:`Completed`
- Percentage and data bar showcasing how many people have :guilabel:`Passed` or become
  :guilabel:`Certified`

.. note::

>    If there is a *half-trophy* background image behind the survey name, that means that particular
>    survey is a *Certification*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   A half-trophy background image behind the survey name indicates that the survey is a *Certification*.
```

   configured for that particular survey.

   The :guilabel:`Certfied` percentage and bar **only** appears if that particular survey has the
   *Is a Certification* option enabled on the survey form.

   If neither :guilabel:`Passed` nor :guilabel:`Certified` appear on the line, that indicates the
   survey is without a *Required Score* and was not enabled with the *Is a Certification* option.

- Number of :guilabel:`Courses` related to that survey, which **only** appears if more than one
  course has been created and attached to a single survey

To the far-right of those data points on the survey lines, located on the *Surveys* application
dashboard, are a collection of buttons.

Those buttons are as follows:

- :guilabel:`Share`: click to reveal a :guilabel:`Share a Survey` pop-up form that can be used to
  invite potential participants to the survey - complete with a :guilabel:`Survey Link` that can be
  copied and sent to potential participants, and a :guilabel:`Send by Email` toggle switch.

   .. image:: dashboard/share-survey-popup.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The 'Share a Survey' pop-up window that appears in the Odoo Surveys application.

>   When the :guilabel:`Send by Email` toggle is in the 'on' position, indicated by a green switch,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  When the :guilabel:`Send by Email` toggle is 'on' (green switch),
```

  additional fields appear, in which :guilabel:`Recipients` and a :guilabel:`Subject` can be added
  to the email. Below that, a dynamic email template, complete with a :guilabel:`Start

>   Certification` button appears, which can also be modified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Certification` button is displayed, which can be modified as needed.
```

  Once modifications are complete, click :guilabel:`Send` to send that email invite to all the email

>   addresses/contacts listed in the :guilabel:`Recepients` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  addresses/contacts listed in the :guilabel:`Recipients` field.
```

.. image:: dashboard/share-survey-popup-email-toggle.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The 'Share a Survey' pop-up window in Odoo Surveys with the Send by Email toggled on.

.. important::

>    The :guilabel:`Share` button results in an error if the survey line that it is on has zero
>    questions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Clicking the :guilabel:`Share` button results in an error if the survey line has zero
   questions.
```

  addresses/contacts listed in the :guilabel:`Recipients` field.

.. image:: dashboard/share-survey-popup-email-toggle.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The 'Share a Survey' pop-up window in Odoo Surveys with the Send by Email toggled on.

  .. tip::
     The default :guilabel:`Mail Template` for survey invites can be edited by navigating to
     :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical --> Email Templates` and searching for `Survey: Invite`.

  .. note::
     The :guilabel:`Send by Email` toggle switch is **not** present when the survey line has zero
     questions.

     The :guilabel:`Survey Link` only appears when the survey's *Access Mode* is set to *Anyone with
     the link*.

     The :guilabel:`Additional Emails` field only appears when the survey's *Require Login* field is
     **not** active.

- :guilabel:`Test`: click to take a test version of the survey in a new tab, from the point-of-view
  of a survey participant, in order to check for any errors or inconsistencies.

- :guilabel:`See results`: click to reveal a new tab showcasing detailed metrics and graphical
  representations of all survey participants, questions, and responses for deeper analysis.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- :guilabel:`Start Live Session`: click to initiate a *Live session* survey, and reveal a session
  manager window in a new tab. This button is **not** present for surveys that have enabled the *Is
  a Certification* option on the survey form.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
